#summary Changes / What's new and noteworthy?

= 0.0.7 =

  * SWT/XML works with Eclipse 3.3 now. You need to install Web Standard Tools (WST) (using the update site) and install the "{{{org.apache.commons.lang}}}" plug-in (you can copy it from Eclipse 3.4).
  * {{{RuntimeException}}}s from event methods are rethrown directly, checked exceptions are rethrown as {{{EventListenerException}}}
  * Classes are compiled with debug information now

= 0.0.6 =

  * Preview can be resized. Thanks to mikkel.t.andersen.
  * Preview for translated/i18n labels. Thanks to mikkel.t.andersen.
  * Image support
  * Added {{{SwtXmlDialog}}} base class
  * Widgets {{{Browser, Canvas, Link, Scale, StyledText, DateTime, Sash, TreeColumn}}} supported
  * Content assist in SWT/XML works for {{{backgroundMode}}} property
  * Fixed [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=7 Issue 7]: Outline in XML Editor
  * Fixed [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=22 Issue 22]: Open preview automatically when swtxml file is created / opened
  * Fixed [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=18 Issue 18] and [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=27 Issue 27]: Binary distribution comes with dropins folder and local update site, source plugin provided, plugins compiled with debug information/line numbers
  * Fixed [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=31 Issue 31]: Parent container in {{{PreviewViewPart}}} may not be reused. Thanks to mikkel.t.andersen.
  * Image and color resources are disposed correctly now
  * Preview shows errors similar to Eclipse Editors

= 0.0.5 =
  * Package com.swtxml.container renamed to com.swtxml.views

= 0.0.4 =
  * [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=11 Issue 11] I18N Support via label properties (%test)
  * [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=12 Issue 12] Namespace {{{http://www.swtxml.com/events}}} for creating event listeners which delegate to the view class
  * [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=8 Issue 8] "New File" Wizard for creating class + markup in Eclipse IDE

= 0.0.2 =

  * [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=10 Issue 10] More reliable preview in IDE
  * Namespace is {{{http://www.swtxml.com/swt}}} now
  * [http://code.google.com/p/swtxml/issues/detail?id=13 Issue 13] Extension point to define own namespaces